# RocKeeper
### Executive Summary
Indoor rock climbing is a popular hobby for climbing amateurs and enthusiasts alike. Often, participants will want to keep a record of their climbing statistics so that they can look back on how they have done and strive for improvement. This is not always feasible immediately after a climb, however, as climbers may have to resort to using pen-and-paper logs which can be disorganized and tedious. With RocKeeper, we are proposing a solution that is simplistic, convenient, and intuitive, but detailed enough to cater to the record-keeping needs of beginner to expert climbers.

### Description and Details
RocKeeper will be a mobile application for Android devices that builds on the simple idea of a logbook but adds a number of features that traditional pen-and-paper methods cannot achieve. At its core, RocKeeper will allow users to input basic information about a climb, such as location, difficulty, and techniques involved. This information can be saved on the device. The user will then be able to reference this information at a later date, via intuitive graphs and visuals that will provide a comprehensive review of climb statistics. Looking at these visuals will enable the user to identify areas for improvement, such as times to beat or techniques to work on. An extension on this basic functionality will allow competitive climbers to track scores and results for competitions. Additionally, users will be able to use their device’s camera to take a picture of the climbing wall and mark routes taken with the intention of revisiting them. Users may tag certain holds on these routes to identify specific techniques that may be required. Tips and suggestions for common techniques may be displayed periodically to aid the user.
